It's been so long since I've met someone
That makes me feel this way
Makes me smile and that's hard to do
I don't think it's something you realize you do
You make me feel, like I'm the only guy with you in the world
We can't be together, can't really be friends
We can't be lovers and we can't pretend
Oh that boy in your life, better make you his wife
And he better believe
that he's a lucky guy
You wanted a song, well here's one for you
Nobody will know, except for us two
Don't ask me about it, 'cause I won't tell the truth
Just know that there's someone, thinking of you
You make me feel, something I wish wasn't real
At all~
Ooooh
We can't be together, can't really be friends
We can't be lovers and we can't pretend
Oh that boy in your life, better make you his wife
And he better believe
Oooooh
That he's a lucky guy
Oooh, so lucky~
You were never mine to begin with
So we can't be together, can't really be friends
We can't be lovers and we can't pretend
Oh that boy in your life, better make you his wife
And he better believe
Ooooh, oooh, oooh
That he's a lucky guy
So lucky~
Woah, oh, woah, oh
[The end]